sixsort
========

SixSort Sorting Algorithm

Copyright (c) 2013, Dennis de Champeaux.  All rights reserved.

The copyright holders hereby grant to any person obtaining a copy of
this software (the "Software") and/or its associated documentation
files (the Documentation), the irrevocable (except in the case of
breach of this license) no-cost, royalty free, rights to use the
Software for non-commercial evaluation/test purposes only, while
subject to the following conditions:

. Redistributions of the Software in source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimers.

. Redistributions of the Software in binary form must reproduce the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimers in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution.

. Redistributions of the Documentation must retain the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimers.

The name of the copyright holder, may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this Software or the Documentation
without specific prior written permission of the copyright holder.

THE SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY
OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE CONTRIBUTORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR
IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION OR THE USE OF OR
OTHER DEALINGS WITH THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION.
